astrocloud cli 1.5.0 (#639)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli-reference/astrocloud-deployment-variable-create.md

## Description

For a given Deployment on Astro, create environment variables via the Astro CLI by supplying either a key and value pair or a file (e.g. `.env`) with a list of keys and values. This command is functionally identical to creating an environment variable via the Cloud UI. For more information, see [Set Environment Variables on Astro](environment-variables.md).

If you choose to specify `--key` and `--value` instead of loading a file, you can only create one environment variable at a time.

:::tip

> This command has an `--update` flag that allows you to change the `value` of an existing environment variable, but Astronomer recommends using the [`astrocloud deployment variable update` command](cli-reference/astrocloud-deployment-variable-update.md) to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command has an `--update` flag that allows you to change the `value` of an existing environment variable at any time. For a better user experience, we recommend using the [`astrocloud deployment variable update` command](cli-reference/astrocloud-deployment-variable-update.md) to update environment variables instead.
```
